Modify rule S5131: Education Framework (#954)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S5131/java/thymeleaf/rule.adoc

== How to fix it?

The following code is vulnerable to Cross-Site Scripting.

User input embedded in HTML code should be HTML-encoded to prevent the injection of additional code.

[source,html]
----
<body>
    <p th:utext="|Hello, ${thirdPartyData}!|" /> <!-- Noncompliant -->
    <p>Hello, [(${thirdPartyData})]!</p>         <!-- Noncompliant -->
</body>
----

[source,html]
----
<body>
    <p th:text="|Hello, ${thirdPartyData}!|" />
    <p>Hello, [[${thirdPartyData}]]!</p>
</body>
----

=== How does this work?

For HTML encoding, Javascript encoding, and CSS encoding, the documentation
allows the use of `unescaped text`, in only two different ways:

* with the attribute `th:utext`.
* with the inline expression `[(...)]`.

If you insert third party data into the pages, the regular attributes are
preferable:

* with the attribute `th:text`.
* The inline expression `[[...]]`.

They ensure that the correct encoding is used, regardless of the context in

> which the third-party data is inserted. Thus, it is not necessary to specify a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
which the user-controlled data is inserted. Thus, it is not necessary to specify a
```
```suggestion
which the untrusted data is inserted. Thus, it is not necessary to specify a
```
